Let's walk through the solution for this exercise.
On the screen, you see code.
The first line is using SafeMath.
As I mentioned earlier,
it's important that you always use SafeMath and by using SafeMath in this fashion,
all uint256's can now have the add,
mul, div, and sub methods.
We start off by creating our mapping variable for sales and then comes our function.
Now the first thing in the checks,
effects, and interaction pattern is checks.
So our first require is message.sender equals tx.origin.
Now this is something you may not be familiar with.
So let's focus on that for a moment.
Typically, message.sender is the color of your function.
If your function is being called by another contract or through a chain of contracts,
it will have a tx.origin.
If the message.sender and TX origin values match,
you know that the color is not a contract,
it is not possible for it to be a contract,
it is going to be an externally owned account.
In other words, a user;
and that was the requirement to ensure that the function is not callable by
a contract and the way to do that is to check
the equality of message sender and TX origin.
Our next require ensures that the sales mapping for
the calling account has enough of the amount that is destined to be withdrawn.
If there isn't, the require reports insufficient funds.
So that's the checks. Next, come the effects and this is the key part here.
We want to make sure that we save the state that is needed, in this case,
the value of the sales mapping for the sender in a temporary variable.
We then subtract the amount that is being withdrawn from the variable.
So that's the state change.
So at this point, even if there were a re-entrancy attack,
it would not matter because the sales value has already been
subtracted and therefore they cannot drain more and more funds from the account.
Finally, the interaction.
That's the last step of the pattern and that's
where the sender has actually transferred the amount due to them.
So this is an example of the checks,
effects, and interaction pattern in use.
If you consistently think through your functions and make sure you
divide them up in these three sections,
you can be assured that your code will be secure
and all your transactions are not subject to re-entrancy attacks.